###Q1 ~ Q3 summarize
1. Summarize your coding style for HTML, CSS and JavaScript in Q1, Q2 and Q3.
1. Summarize the HTML tags you're using.
1. What's the meaning of those HTML tags? Why you choose them?
1. Summarize the CSS properties you're using. Make sure you understand them.
1. Summarize JavaScript/JQuery features you're using.
1. Summarize any other topics you want to take a note.
1. Summarize the questions you want to ask.

#### Q1 coding style for HTML, CSS and JavaScript

1. Inline style for CSS and &lt; script &gt; label for JavaScript.
1. &lt; !DOCTYPE HTML &gt; is used for HTML5. To define this is a HTML5 web page.
1. &lt; meta charset="utf-8" &gt; , Specify the character encoding of the HTML document.
1. Http request, understand the different between "Get" and "Post".
1. The test data is returned on JSON format. understand JSON.parse.
1. Http request state and status:  
	0: (Uninitialized) the send( ) method has not yet been invoked.  
	1: (Loading) the send( ) method has been invoked, request in progress.   
	2: (Loaded) the send( ) method has completed, entire response received.  
	3: (Interactive) the response is being parsed.   
	4: (Completed) the response has been parsed, is ready for harvesting.  
1. Understand the different between async=true and async=false.
1. Callback functions. 


> Tips:
1. Using &lt; meta charset="utf-8" &gt; , if you want to show chinese in your page.  
1. Double check your code and make sure there is no unnecessary code in your loop area.  
1. Reduce the variable definition, using the value directly.
1. Reduce the Dom operation and access, it's good for performance improvement.
1. If you want to add your JS code in your html, add them in head area.  
1. If you want to link your JS code in your html, add them at the end of body area.  
1. Div could be instead of Table.  

#### Q2 coding style for HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
1. Link Style Sheets for CSS.
1. @media
1. CSS selector
1. Multiple Styles
1. border, margin, padding, width, font-weight, text-align, font-size, float

#### Q3 coding style for HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
1. jQuery click function.
1. Good HTML source code doesn't has any other script language.
1. CSS layout.
1. flex box
1. nth-child
1. ajax request
1. call back functions
1. bgCounter = -1; bgCounter = (bgCounter+1) % backgrounds.length; ---> looping for array. start from 0.
